# webite-2018
Official Website for SPARK 2018

Spark is a plethora of innovation and excitement. It is the pre-eminent platform to express, explore and excel. Evolving from just a minute idea that was eventually crafted into this meet by tackling various obstacles, SPARK was able to be implemented with the school’s exceeding support and only then did we bring to you an event that was truly relished by the students. This unique idea, supplemented by our motto, ‘ignite in you’, seemed to form a near-utopian opportunity for these young adults to enrich their hobbies, and display their passions. We, a bunch of high school students, promised to provide you with something aloof from general competitions and we did, and strive to do so in all future events with your blessings. At Spark 1.0, we not only witnessed stupendous performances, but the deep, driving desire from students to refine their skills and showcase them again at Spark 2.0. 
At Spark 1.0 we introduced three main contests; photography, cubing and writing. These allowed students to wield their photography powers and nourish their talents, enforce their massive hidden brain powers into solving one of the toughest challenges of the 21st century and exhibit their creativity and manifest their writing skills, therefore, bringing forth an influx of brilliant candidates. This event saw the rise of various young talented individuals, with their hearts throbbing to the tune of creativity. We, as Team Spark, were enthralled by the skill of these young minds and would be eager to see even more such riveting displays of their talent.
Spark is now looking forward to expanding its horizons. Spark 2.0 will be an arena where hobbies will develop a fury to make an impact in this world. We envision a grand and massive event that would raise the bar of competition even higher while providing a gruelling yet fun experience for all kids. In 2018, our team of 8 members brings to you an event with a greater variety of even more riveting competitions: Cubing, Logic Solving, The Horcrux Hunt, The Marvel Cinematic Universe Phenomenon, and The Fortnite Tournament. The competitions have been meticulously formatted in such a manner that they’re ensured to grab your interest as they’re based on topics you take a liking too, while even testing your intelligence, your creativity and your originality. With better prizes, a diverse and intense range of events and hundreds of young minds overflowing with creativity and knowledge, SPARK 2.0 will indeed be efficient in igniting the fire within you and providing you with the platform to achieve your goals and your dreams. Hope to see you all there from the 27th to the 29th of September.
TEAM SPARK
(Arnav Ghatiwala, Saarthak Chaturvedi, Kartikeya Singh, Vivaan Baid, Anaya Gupta, Arjun Pandey, Arjun Loomba, Saumya Vashishtha)
